README.md, before:

# World-Wild-Web-AI-And-MCP-Hack-Night
Hey, thanks for joining us for WWW AI & MCP Hacknight! In this repo, you'll find all the information you need to get started with the hacknight.

We recommend getting familiar with the challenge before the hacknight, as it will help you get started faster.

## Prerequisites
- Your own laptop
- Node.js and a JS package manager installed
- A Cloudflare account
- A GitHub account

## The Challenge
This hacknight is all about exploration and creativity with AI agents and MCP servers! Build something that excites you - whether it's practical, experimental, or just fun.

### Core Components
Your project will consist of two main parts:
1. **An AI Agent**: A chat-based assistant with its own personality and purpose
2. **Backend Services**: MCP servers and APIs that give your agent real-world capabilities

### What We Provide to Get Started:
- A template based on the [Cloudflare Chat Agent Starter Kit](https://github.com/cloudflare/agents-starter) with:
  - Built-in MCP Server connection tools
  - Integration with the [Fiberplane AI agents playground](https://github.com/fiberplane/fiberplane/tree/main/packages/agents)
- Access to Fiberplane's Codegen project for generating:
  - MCP servers that run on Cloudflare
  - Hono APIs for integrating with external services (Notion, GitHub, etc.)
- Anthropic credentials for the LLM that controls the agent

### Quick Start
1. Clone the template from the `templates/ai-agent-template` directory
2. Follow the setup instructions in the template's README
3. Test that your AI agent works locally

**During the Hacknight**:
1. Get access to Codegen and create your MCP server
2. Connect your agent to the MCP server
3. Start building your features!

### Need Inspiration?
While you're free to build anything, here are some ideas for your themed AI agent. Think of the overall topic: **Personal AI Automation**
- A language learning tutor
- A mental wellness coach
- An email assistant
- A music discovery assistant
- Smart Home orchestrator
- Personal CRM

### Fiberplane Codegen Project & Anthropic API Key
For access to the early pre-beta version of Fiberplane's Codegen project, please join this Slack channel: TODO and share your GitHub handle. We will add you to the platform.


## Examples and Inspiration
TODO

## Evaluation Criteria
- Extra points for shared GitHub repo
- Live demos are preferred over presentation slides
- Agents and MCP server should run on Cloudflare (can be also locally)
- Extra points if you add a code-generated MCP server to your AI agent
- Nothing to demo? Don't worry - you can share your code and learnings from the evening

### Submission
If you'd like to present your project:
1. Fill out [this form](#) (link to be added)
2. Join the Google Meet call we'll share near the end of the event

We're using a shared call to make presentations smooth and avoid switching between computers.

Commit message:

change from OpenAI to Anthropic update Readme to Anthropic, include link to google submission form and information about Fiberplane's Discord channel to get access to codegen

README.md, after:

# World-Wild-Web-AI-And-MCP-Hack-Night
Hey, thanks for joining us for WWW AI & MCP Hacknight! In this repo, you'll find all the information you need to get started with the hacknight.

We recommend getting familiar with the challenge before the hacknight, as it will help you get started faster.

## Prerequisites
- Your own laptop
- Node.js and a JS package manager installed
- A Cloudflare account
- A GitHub account

## The Challenge
This hacknight is all about exploration and creativity with AI agents and MCP servers! Build something that excites you - whether it's practical, experimental, or just fun.

### Core Components
Your project will consist of two main parts:
1. **An AI Agent**: A chat-based assistant with its own personality and purpose
2. **Backend Services**: MCP server, agent tools and APIs that give your agent real-world capabilities

### What We Provide to Get Started:
- A [template](/ai-agent-template/) based on the [Cloudflare Chat Agent Starter Kit](https://github.com/cloudflare/agents-starter) with:
  - Built-in MCP Server connection tools
  - Integration with the [Fiberplane AI agents playground](https://github.com/fiberplane/fiberplane/tree/main/packages/agents)
- Access to Fiberplane's Codegen project for generating:
  - MCP servers that run on Cloudflare
  - Hono APIs for integrating with external services (Notion, GitHub, etc.)
- Anthropic credentials for the LLM that controls the agent

### Quick Start
1. Clone the template from the [ai-agent-template](/ai-agent-template) directory
2. Follow the setup instructions in the template's README
3. Test that your AI agent works locally

**During the Hacknight**:
1. Get access to Codegen and create your MCP server
2. Connect your agent to the MCP server (Note: Choose an MCP server without authentication)
3. Start building your features!

### Need Inspiration?
While you're free to build anything, here are some ideas for your themed AI agent. Think of the overall topic: **Personal AI Automation**
- A language learning tutor
- A mental wellness coach
- An email assistant
- A music discovery assistant
- Smart Home orchestrator
- Personal CRM

### Fiberplane Codegen Project & Anthropic API Key
For access to the early pre-beta version of Fiberplane's Codegen project, please join [Fiberplane's Discord](https://discord.gg/NarC9cf5vP) and share your GitHub handle in the `#ldn-hacknight` channel. We will add you to the platform and also share the Anthropic API key for the Hack Night.


## Examples, Resources and Inspiration
- [Cloudflare agents docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/agents/)
- [Selfies to stickers agent](https://github.com/craigsdennis/event-stickers-agent)
- [Remote MCP server on Cloudflare](https://github.com/cloudflare/ai/tree/main/demos/remote-mcp-authless)

## Evaluation Criteria
- Extra points for shared GitHub repo
- Live demos are preferred over presentation slides
- Agents and MCP server should run on Cloudflare (can be also locally)
- Extra points if you add a code-generated MCP server to your AI agent
- Nothing to demo? Don't worry - you can share your code and learnings from the evening

### Submission
If you'd like to present your project:
1. Fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/YKtSpnK6ohRc4DLDA)
2. Join the Google Meet call we'll share near the end of the event

We're using a shared call to make presentations smooth and avoid switching between computers.
